Update text to be in line with documentation in flare code. (#5565)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/troubleshooting/send_a_flare.md

**Confirm the upload of the archive to immediately send it to Datadog support**.
Datadog Agent is completely open source, which allows you to [verify the code's behavior][1]. If needed, the flare can be reviewed prior to sending since the flare prompts a confirmation before uploading it.

> In the commands below, replace `<CASE_ID>` with your Datadog support case ID. In all cases, you will be asked for an email address. It is used verify your case ID. If you don't specify a case ID, the email address is used to login in your organization and create a new support case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the commands below, replace `<CASE_ID>` with your Datadog support case ID if you have one, then enter the email address associated with it. 
If you don't have a case ID, just enter your email address used to login in Datadog to create a new support case.
```
